mesos/README.md, before:

# Mesos in Docker

[Mesosphere](https://mesosphere.com/) builds [Apache Mesos](http://mesos.apache.org/) into several [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers:

- [mesosphere/mesos](https://hub.docker.com/r/mesosphere/mesos/) - Both the master and slave in the same container. Requires a custom command to run.
- [mesosphere/mesos-master](https://hub.docker.com/r/mesosphere/mesos-master/) - Mesos-Master only
- [mesosphere/mesos-slave](https://hub.docker.com/r/mesosphere/mesos-slave/) - Mesos-Slave only

Dockerfiles: https://github.com/mesosphere/docker-containers/tree/master/mesos

Other Mesosphere Packages: https://mesosphere.com/downloads/

## Machines

The recommended way to run Mesos in Docker is to run each master and slave container on their own machine, with their own IP.

## Networking

Host networking (`--net=host`) is recommended. While Mesos *can* operate in bridge networking, it is slower and has many caveats and configuration complexities.

On Mac OSX, Mesos may be unable to perform a hostname lookup within the Docker container, in which case the master/agent will not launch. To fix this, specify `-e LIBPROCESS_ADVERTISE_IP=127.0.0.1` in the Docker command-line flags. This explicitly sets the IP that Mesos should advertise to other processes, eliminating the need for a hostname lookup.

## Example: Local Dev/Test

For development or experimentation, one Master and one Slave can be run on the same machine.

The following commands set up a local development environment with Exhibitor/Zookeeper, Mesos-Master, and Mesos-Slave, using host networking. This is not fit for production.

Caveats:
- Docker containers launched by the Mesos-Slave will continue running on the host after the Mesos-Slave container has been stopped.
- Docker volumes created by the Mesos-Slave will be relative to the host, not the Mesos-Slave container.

### Launch Exhibitor (Zookeeper)

[Exhibitor Configuration Reference](https://github.com/Netflix/exhibitor/wiki/Running-Exhibitor)

```
docker run -d --net=host netflixoss/exhibitor:1.5.2
```

### Launch Mesos-Master

[Master Configuration Reference](https://open.mesosphere.com/reference/mesos-master/)

```
docker run -d --net=host \
  -e MESOS_PORT=5050 \
  -e MESOS_ZK=zk://127.0.0.1:2181/mesos \
  -e MESOS_QUORUM=1 \
  -e MESOS_REGISTRY=in_memory \
  -e MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos \
  -e MESOS_WORK_DIR=/var/tmp/mesos \
  -v "$(pwd)/log/mesos:/var/log/mesos" \
  -v "$(pwd)/tmp/mesos:/var/tmp/mesos" \
  mesosphere/mesos-master:0.28.0-2.0.16.ubuntu1404
```

### Launch Mesos-Slave

[Slave Configuration Reference](https://open.mesosphere.com/reference/mesos-slave/)

```
docker run -d --net=host --privileged \
  -e MESOS_PORT=5051 \
  -e MESOS_MASTER=zk://127.0.0.1:2181/mesos \
  -e MESOS_SWITCH_USER=0 \
  -e MESOS_CONTAINERIZERS=docker,mesos \
  -e MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos \
  -e MESOS_WORK_DIR=/var/tmp/mesos \
  -v "$(pwd)/log/mesos:/var/log/mesos" \
  -v "$(pwd)/tmp/mesos:/var/tmp/mesos" \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  -v /cgroup:/cgroup \
  -v /sys:/sys \
  -v /usr/local/bin/docker:/usr/local/bin/docker \
  mesosphere/mesos-slave:0.28.0-2.0.16.ubuntu1404
```

Commit message:

Added information on agent Docker configuration to README.

mesos/README.md, after:

# Mesos in Docker

[Mesosphere](https://mesosphere.com/) builds [Apache Mesos](http://mesos.apache.org/) into several [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers:

- [mesosphere/mesos](https://hub.docker.com/r/mesosphere/mesos/) - Both the master and slave in the same container. Requires a custom command to run.
- [mesosphere/mesos-master](https://hub.docker.com/r/mesosphere/mesos-master/) - Mesos-Master only
- [mesosphere/mesos-slave](https://hub.docker.com/r/mesosphere/mesos-slave/) - Mesos-Slave only

Dockerfiles: https://github.com/mesosphere/docker-containers/tree/master/mesos

Other Mesosphere Packages: https://mesosphere.com/downloads/

## Machines

The recommended way to run Mesos in Docker is to run each master and slave container on their own machine, with their own IP.

## Networking

Host networking (`--net=host`) is recommended. While Mesos *can* operate in bridge networking, it is slower and has many caveats and configuration complexities.

On Mac OSX, Mesos may be unable to perform a hostname lookup within the Docker container, in which case the master/agent will not launch. To fix this, specify `-e LIBPROCESS_ADVERTISE_IP=127.0.0.1` in the Docker command-line flags. This explicitly sets the IP that Mesos should advertise to other processes, eliminating the need for a hostname lookup.

## Example: Local Dev/Test

For development or experimentation, one Master and one Slave can be run on the same machine.

The following commands set up a local development environment with Exhibitor/Zookeeper, Mesos-Master, and Mesos-Slave, using host networking. This is not fit for production.

Caveats:
- Docker containers launched by the Mesos-Slave will continue running on the host after the Mesos-Slave container has been stopped.
- Docker volumes created by the Mesos-Slave will be relative to the host, not the Mesos-Slave container.

### Launch Exhibitor (Zookeeper)

[Exhibitor Configuration Reference](https://github.com/Netflix/exhibitor/wiki/Running-Exhibitor)

```
docker run -d --net=host netflixoss/exhibitor:1.5.2
```

### Launch Mesos-Master

[Master Configuration Reference](https://open.mesosphere.com/reference/mesos-master/)

```
docker run -d --net=host \
  -e MESOS_PORT=5050 \
  -e MESOS_ZK=zk://127.0.0.1:2181/mesos \
  -e MESOS_QUORUM=1 \
  -e MESOS_REGISTRY=in_memory \
  -e MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos \
  -e MESOS_WORK_DIR=/var/tmp/mesos \
  -v "$(pwd)/log/mesos:/var/log/mesos" \
  -v "$(pwd)/tmp/mesos:/var/tmp/mesos" \
  mesosphere/mesos-master:0.28.0-2.0.16.ubuntu1404
```

### Launch Mesos-Slave

[Slave Configuration Reference](https://open.mesosphere.com/reference/mesos-slave/)

If the agent will make use of the Docker runtime, it can be configured in two different ways:
* The agent can use its own Docker installation within the container, thus running Docker-in-Docker.
* The host system's Docker installation can be mapped into the container so that the agent runs Docker containers on the host system. This will allow the agent's containers to continue running over agent failovers.

To use the container's Docker installation:
```
docker run -d --net=host --privileged \
  -e MESOS_PORT=5051 \
  -e MESOS_MASTER=zk://127.0.0.1:2181/mesos \
  -e MESOS_SWITCH_USER=0 \
  -e MESOS_CONTAINERIZERS=docker,mesos \
  -e MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos \
  -e MESOS_WORK_DIR=/var/tmp/mesos \
  -v "$(pwd)/log/mesos:/var/log/mesos" \
  -v "$(pwd)/tmp/mesos:/var/tmp/mesos" \
  --entrypoint /bin/bash \
  mesosphere/mesos-slave:0.28.0-2.0.16.ubuntu1404 -c "sudo service docker start; mesos-agent"
```

To use the host system's Docker installation:
```
docker run -d --net=host --privileged \
  -e MESOS_PORT=5051 \
  -e MESOS_MASTER=zk://127.0.0.1:2181/mesos \
  -e MESOS_SWITCH_USER=0 \
  -e MESOS_CONTAINERIZERS=docker,mesos \
  -e MESOS_LOG_DIR=/var/log/mesos \
  -e MESOS_WORK_DIR=/var/tmp/mesos \
  -v "$(pwd)/log/mesos:/var/log/mesos" \
  -v "$(pwd)/tmp/mesos:/var/tmp/mesos" \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  -v /cgroup:/cgroup \
  -v /sys:/sys \
  -v /usr/local/bin/docker:/usr/local/bin/docker \
  mesosphere/mesos-slave:0.28.0-2.0.16.ubuntu1404
```
